[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> OK, without further ado,
you're going to see all this
wonderful work here being done.
Let me turn it over to our
host for the day, Serena Wright
Taylor.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thank you, [INAUDIBLE].
Thank you.
OK, this is such an
incredible panel.
I always love my panels so much.
And today, of
course, we're going
to talk about extraterrestrial
influences in human evolution
and a lot of other things, too.
But I'm going to introduce
them first from the end.
At the far end is Steve Mera.
He is a TV personality
and radio host
well-known in the UK as
the foremost researcher
into UFOs and the paranormal.
He is the founder of the
Scientific Establishment
of Parapsychology.
And he flew out just to be
with us at Conscious Life Expo.
Let's give a warm
welcome to Steve Mera.
[APPLAUSE]
And next, he is a
US Air Force veteran
with a long history
of assignments
in highly classified, deep,
black covert operations.
He has witnessed crashed UFOs
and assisted in autopsies
of extraterrestrial beings.
And I'll tell you a
secret, he is so cool
that his photographs only come
out in black and white as well.
Emery Smith.
[APPLAUSE]
Next, she is an international
investigative journalist
in the field of
extraterrestrial-related
phenomena research.
She has traveled
all over the world
to interview prominent
witnesses and also experienced
her own contact with
an extraterrestrial.
She is a producer of the
exceptional StarworksUSA
conference each November.
And she received an award
yesterday with George Noory.
So let's welcome Paola Harris.
[APPLAUSE]
Next, he started out as
nuts and bolts researcher
into UFOs beginning
in 1975 looking
into the role of US presidents
and their connection
to the phenomena.
He then, had experiences
that expanded his awareness
into researching the role of
consciousness in understanding
UFOs and extraterrestrial
contact and the secrets
held by UFO experiences.
He hosts The Cameron
Files on KGRA.
All the way from Canada,
please welcome Grant Cameron.
[APPLAUSE]
Next, she is award-winning
TV producer, reporter,
and editor of the science
news website earthfiles.com.
We love earthfiles.com.
Co-host of Phenomenon
Radio on KGRA,
reporter for Coast to Coast
AM and her amazing Earthfiles
YouTube channel, which you
have to see if you haven't.
It's fantastic.
She has dedicated her career to
productions concerning science,
medicine, the environment, and
interviewing whistle-blowers
and eyewitnesses
to get the truth.
So glad to have
her with us again.
It's Linda Moulton Howe.
[APPLAUSE]
Next, It was going
to be Steve Bassett,
but I'll introduce him
when he gets down here.
Next to me here, he
is a rocket scientist
who has built his first rocket
when he was 11 years old.
He went on to become a leader in
the field of space technology.
He has examined a
real UFO engine, which
was symbiotic and
alive and interacted
with his consciousness.
Therefore, he gained
an understanding
of extraterrestrial craft
from a very young age.
Please give a big
welcome to David Adair.
[APPLAUSE]
So we're going to cover a lot
about are the ETs influencing
our evolution.
Are they kind of stepping, up in
some way, our own consciousness
and our own mind and
how we develop here?
That's the question.
And why would we ask that?
Well, it seems like
there is some evidence
about this happening, such
questions as in the UFO
crashes, of course.
We know that there's been
some back-engineering.
And we've discovered
integrated circuits.
And so many different
things have come from that,
from the UFO technology.
And then there's the
other side of it,
which is the contactees and
experiences, which is probably
a lot of people here.
Whether you know it
or not, you probably
had some information in a dream
that wasn't really a dream.
I have had that.
And Grant Cameron has
been looking into that.
So it seems like there's some
knowledge and abilities being
given to us from elsewhere.
It could be a UFO.
It could be extraterrestrial.
It could be another dimension.
Certainly, there's also advances
in biological and healing
modalities that have come from
extraterrestrial research,
such as some of the
things Emery looks into,
that could prolong our
lives and heal the planet,
and the dreams as well.
And so all these things
seem to be teaching us ways
of understanding the universe.
And also then, we get even
more questions to answer.
And so it seems
that we're gently
being nudged to expand
our consciousness
and find out more about
who we truly are and have
a great understanding,
a greater understanding
of the advanced civilizations
throughout the universe
and other dimensions.
So each of our panelists
can speak a little, not more
than five minutes, please.
Please still be my friend
after if I have to ask you--
[LAUGHING]
If I say "thank you,"
yeah, please forgive me.
But they're all going to
say a little bit about this
and their own research.
Try not to go over
five minutes, please.
Steve, would you like to start?
>> Yes, of course.
I started in the subject
of ufology 36 years ago.
And after doing 15 years
of investigative research
in the UK, I came
to the conclusion
that I needed to
expand my research
into the fields of the
paranormal, supernatural,
parapsychological realms,
basically, because
of the paranormal aspects
to many of the UFO incidents
that I was recognizing.
I realized very
quickly that there were
dividing boxes in this subject.
Numerous organizations
didn't look into the field
of the paranormal.
And of course, a
lot of ufologists
wouldn't really go there.
And the same for
paranormal guys, really.
There was no interest
in any, should we say,
the ghost hunting and
sort of things like that
wasn't getting into the field
of the ufological aspect.
And I can certainly
say for that,
there's been plenty
of evidence to support
that all aerial
phenomena incidents do
have some elements
of the supernatural,
the paranormal,
extra-sensory perception.
So I believe that we
have to really divide,
take these boxes away.
We should never have had
those boxes in the beginning,
and bring that all together.
I spent another 15 years
in paranormal research
and parapsychological studies.
And really came full circle
right back around to the UFOs
and into the realms
of consciousness,
extrasensory perception.
And that these, be it UFOs,
whatever they represent,
do have a conscious
connection with the observers
and measure the intent
from the observers,
just as we've seen in
military pilots that
had the shoot-down order on
UFOs during the 1980s in the UK.
They were told to shoot
them down, pilots.
And many of them
actually reported
when they came to actually
just prior to pressing a weapon
lock, UFOs were conducting
serious evasive maneuvers prior
to them even pressing it.
And they thought, how
did they know to do that?
And obviously, it's
just more evidence
to support that whatever
these constitute, these UFOs,
that they certainly have
the ability of tapping
in to our consciousness and
realizing what our intent is,
be it, we want to take
a photograph, film them
or, of course, when
pilots are actually
engaging in combat with them.
>> Fantastic.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE] Emery Smith.
>> Hello, everyone.
Is this on?
>> Yeah.
>> You can hear me?
>> Houston?
Well, you know, my story is
pretty long and drawn out.
But in a nutshell,
in five minutes,
I was born in
Plainfield, New Jersey.
I moved at a young age
to southern Florida
to a self-sustainable farm
that my family started up.
And my father was a engine
and diesel mechanic.
So, you know, I had to change
all the oil in the tractors
by age 10 and
learn how to change
the pistons and rings out of
the engines by the next year.
So I got to learn mechanics
really quickly, also
about circuitry and electronics
and solar panels and things
like that.
I joined Civil Air
Patrol when I was 13.
That's a small auxiliary
of the Air Force
that train in search and
rescue and also allows
children to get their pilot's
license at a very young age.
So I went through that
process and Army ROTC
and right when I turned
18, I was in the military.
I was already going there
two years before, signed up.
And I thought I was going
to be flying F-15 Eagles.
That's what I really wanted
to do, and maybe become
an astronaut at some point.
And the army offered
me a scholarship
to fly Apache helicopters,
and they had programs.
But I wanted to
go the Air Force.
My dad was in the army and my
grandfather was in the Navy.
So instead, they had
a medical program.
And it seemed really appealing.
I was very scientific.
Ever since they took my toenails
off when I played soccer
for ingrown toenails, I
would watch the procedure
and the doctors like,
you might want look away.
I said, no.
This is so cool.
I can't feel anything and
you're ripping my toenail off.
And so I was really into
science and biology and things
like this.
My mother made me start
typing at a very young age
the National Geographic books
on an old typewriter, which
I couldn't stand because
I got big fingers.
And I still don't
type very well.
Sorry, mom.
And after that,
though, the education
is great because my family
was always educating me.
It was a constant
educational process.
I was visited by ETs around
the age of eight or nine
when a craft came over
the lake at our house
and I saw all three
beings in the craft.
And it was just a very,
very fast telepathy type
of language.
And they zipped out.
And I went inside and
told my mom and dad.
And they said, just
don't talk about it.
So they kind of knew
already something,
but they didn't tell me
until on their deathbed
of what was really happening.
They're both gone now.
So that led me to
go in the Air Force.
I was in the Air Force.
And I took up
surgical technology,
surgical first assist and
became a teacher for that.
And I was asked to do some
moonlighting procedures
in the evenings for extra money.
And I thought it was great.
I thought it was organ
harvesting for fallen soldiers
that we were going to be doing.
But definitely, it was not that.
It was taking tissue samples.
And for the record, I know
a couple of my colleagues
had said 3,000 alien autopsies.
That's incorrect.
It was 3,000
specimen collections.
I did get into the bodies later
on, but most of what I did
was just taking specimens
from different parts
of the tissue that was there
in a very highly-classified
underground facility
under Sandia Labs
there in Kirtland Air Force
Base and also Los Alamos Labs.
But I didn't work for Los
Alamos Labs or Sandia Labs.
All those underground
facilities and all
the different
compartmentalization areas
down there were all rented
out by major corporations.
So the actual government was
just the protection factor
of having these places being
protected by the military
so all these secrets can
be kept really secret.
So these are bases within bases.
And they go very,
very deep underground.
And there's a huge
connecting system
that connects a
lot of these bases
together from you know, Groom
Lake to Alamogordo, Texas,
White Sands National Park there,
all the way up to Mountainair,
New Mexico.
Cut over to Kirtland Air
Force Base, Albuquerque,
New Mexico up to Dulce,
down to Crestone, and then
from Crestone up to
Colorado Springs.
And then, of course,
Denver [INAUDIBLE]..
And so I know about all
those, been through all that.
And it led me, every
quarterly, you'd
get a security upgrade if
you kept your mouth shut
and you did the right thing.
So after doing this for a
while, after working on bodies,
you know, first it was
just tissue samples,
then maybe you'd see an
arm or a hand or a finger.
And then after that, it was like
a torso, and then full bodies.
From there, the
biggest surprise to me
was that there was a craft that
was associated with a being
and they wanted me to take a
tissue sample of the craft.
And, you know, I was
very young at this age.
I wasn't as conscious
as I am now.
And I'm thinking, you know,
like nuts and bolts and steel,
like, I'm going to
take a sample of what?
A craft?
So they escorted me
to this huge hangar
that we had to take a maglev to.
And what had happened was there
was this giant craft there
that was made out of
like a memory foam,
like a gelatinous thing.
And they brought me
up to the center of it
and told me where
to take the sample.
And this craft was
completely alive.
And we noticed during
also on crash sites
where I was also
part of for forensics
that the further you move the
being away from the craft,
the being starts to deteriorate.
The closer you can get
the being in the craft,
if it came out of the craft,
that the craft actually
helps the being because they
have the exact same DNA.
So there's something going on
where they're forming craft
in anti-gravity in space
through frequency and sound,
so, you know, sound before
form is what we say.
So they can make anything,
even, you know, genetically,
with tissues and things
like this to have the craft.
And the best way
I could put this
while being in a lot
of these craft was it
really felt like I was like
standing next to my dog.
It was like this presence.
And sometimes it did
connect to you consciously.
And sometimes it didn't.
But it was a very nice feeling,
like a secure feeling I'll say,
when your dog is next to
you cuddled up on your bed,
or your cat.
It was a very overwhelming
experience for me.
So I took the samples.
And I'm not allowed really to
ask, where did you get this?
I'm not allowed to
ask what this is.
You know, I only get
to access a library.
We get credits for good
behavior and showing up
on time, which I'm not
really good at now.
>> Emery, I'm going to-- it's
gone over a bit of time there.
>> OK.
>> But that is so fascinating.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
You'll get more time
to talk, because you've
got a lot of questions here.
So next is Paola.
Harris.
>> Well, you know, you can
hear more tonight when you talk
about this in detail.
>> Oh, yeah.
You'll have to come see us.
>> Yeah.
And then, Steve,
thank you so much.
Because, you know, I went
kicking and screaming
into the paranormal.
OK, now, because
I remember when I
was working with Allen Heinich,
cause I met Allen by accident.
My whole presentation is going
to be all the coincidences
of my life that started in 1979
after I saw "Close Encounters."
Because I don't
think you pick this.
I don't think you pick
this kind of research
because you want to do it.
I think that it was a process
of having an assignment which
we are completing, we
researchers are completing.
And I'm in my 70s.
So it took all of
these years for me
to figure out why in the world
I was fascinated by this.
And I think we were all
given an assignment.
But in the beginning, for
me, what was comfortable,
because Allen
Heinich, you know, he
coined the close encounters,
the first, second, third, and
fourth, third.
And the thing is that, you know,
I thought, OK, if I could just
put pins in maps, I'm fine.
And that's what I was doing.
I was doing pins and maps.
I was doing nuts and bolts.
And I was scared to death
to know what was inside.
I didn't want to go there.
And that's why I think a
lot of people resist this.
I know my family does.
I was talking about my
family, not talking about this
because they're scared.
I mean, either you're interested
or you're not interested.
I want to encourage
everybody to understand,
this is not religion.
They're either interested
or they're not.
You can't convert somebody.
But anyway, I went
from putting pins
in maps to looking at all of it.
And I know, Serena, you
said it is interplanetary,
interdimensional.
It's all of it.
And until I read Jacques
Vallee's "Forbidden Knowledge
Volume 3 And 4," I didn't
know what was going on.
May I recommend those
books, my presentations
around those books.
Because he basically spent his
whole life-- hes in his 80s
now-- trying to figure this out.
And the person that really
talks about it most articulately
is Grant Cameron.
I attended his
lecture yesterday.
I was blown out of the water.
I can't say it as
well as he does.
But he's got it.
He's got the bottom line, which
I call the graduate school
of research.
Because I started
in third grade.
And I'm hoping to stay in
graduate school for a while.
Because my chief motivation is
I want to know what's going on,
just like in "Close Encounters"
when Roy Neary says,
"tell me what's going on.
Tell me what's going on."
And, you know, Francois Truffaut
turns around to everybody
and says, "let him on
because they were invited."
These guys were invited.
So the paranormal, I think, is
the invitation for all of us
to find out what's going on.
>> Thank you, Paola.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Grant Cameron.
>> Yeah, thank you, Paola.
I'll send you the check.
It was wonderful.
[LAUGHING]
People know my story.
I started in nuts and bolts.
I had the sightings.
I chased the president.
I chased the head
scientist of the CIA.
And trying to figure
out what's going on.
Then I had sort of the
enlightenment experience
in 2012 and sort of
fell off the edge
of the earth for
the second time.
And I wrote a book
called "Inspired."
So the sort of the
topic this morning
is, is there an ET influence
on our evolution and stuff.
And I wrote a book called
"Inspired" where I talked
about, it's not just ETs.
You'll have, I go
through 13 Nobel Prize
winners and artists and
musicians and stuff like that.
And my idea is that
there's a field.
And you're tapping
into the field.
And the ETs are in the field.
The ghosts are in the field.
Your dead relatives
are in the field.
Everything is in this field.
But you are going
into the field.
And if you listen
to Paola's story
about her encounter
with the being.
You know that part.
But you have to know the part
where the phone is ringing,
where her phone keeps ringing,
this bizarre stuff that
makes her go to do this.
Or Linda, we were just
talking just before.
Linda has had this experience,
this oneness experience where
people get into
the field and you
realize it's more than
just somebody doing
some sort of research.
So in tune with the
conversation this morning,
are we being helped.
I'll tell your story,
because I like tell stories,
if you're familiar with
the book that has just
come out by Diana Pasulka.
She dedicates it to a guy
by the name of Tyler D.
And he's actually been
outed like a month ago.
So his name is actually Tim.
I actually met this guy.
I had a couple of
conversations with this guy.
And so the question is,
are we being helped?
So let me tell you the
story that he told me
in 2013 in Pennsylvania.
He is a guy who sold a
company for big huge dollars.
He had an experiment
that he describes it
in Diana Pasulka's
book, she describes it
as he has this sort of idea
in his head and some memory.
He describes it as a memory.
The general says we want to put
something on the space shuttle.
And we were looking
for experiments.
And he says, well, I
think we should do this.
And the general
says, that's crazy.
It ain't gonna work.
You're not putting
that on space shuttle.
And he fights it.
And he finally gets a scientist
to sign off on this thing.
And the scientist
agrees to sign off.
And then they put it
on the space shuttle.
And it works.
The conversation he had with
me was a little bit different
than "it's a memory."
He was talking, because I
always do the download thing.
40% of all experiencers
who answered
the free survey of 6,000
experiencers answered
the question, 40% said at one
point during their experience,
they knew the answer to
everything in the universe.
25% said they knew the answer
to everything about themselves.
So that's over 60% had
this sort of enlightenment.
42% say they know
mathematical, technical,
or scientific material that
they did not learn in school.
So when Tim told
me the story, he
knew I was into
this download thing.
And he started
telling me the story.
But it was a little bit
different than it was a memory.
He told me the story
that, he said, you know,
when I got that idea in my
head, and this is an idea,
he sold this company
for huge money,
medical, technical company.
And he said, you know,
Grant, the last thing
I remember before I
woke up in the morning
was a hooded figure standing
at the end of the bed.
And I went, oh, could
you see its face?
And he said, no, I
couldn't see its face.
And so this is the
whole deal is he always
has known that there was
this sort of interaction
that he was being helped.
And he has a protocol.
So his protocol is, you
go to bed for eight hours,
you get up, you go back
to sleep for an hour.
You get up you go
out into the sun,
you drink a huge glass of water.
He will not touch alcohol.
He will not touch coffee.
And he says he
knows within minutes
they're in contact with him.
And he's got 40 patents.
He says that he is actually
getting material from,
I would say, from the
field, from these beings.
He believes they're benign.
He believes they're helping us.
And he works with cancer
kids in LA and Florida.
And you hear his story
and you realize, yes, we
are getting help from
somebody out there.
>> Thank you, Grant.
[APPLAUSE]
Linda Moulton Howe.
>> Thank you.
Last year, I interviewed
Stuart Hameroff
who is a colleague
of Roger Penrose.
And they both have
come to the same place
in their respective,
brilliant, genius careers.
And it has to do with
the discovery of tubules
in the human brain that now
appear to be directly related
to frequency.
And in fact, the tubules,
in a most recent article,
may actually be
sensitive to light.
And the idea that in
our entire brain mass
is something that
is being discovered
for the first time in history
and now is being studied.
Why would we have tubules
throughout our brain that
would have a very
specific interaction
with certain frequencies,
whether it is sound
or whether it is light?
And as Grant and I
and others, I think
we've been evolving
to this concept
that everything that I've
learned going from animal
mutilations to human abductions
to the government playing
really hard ball to
keep it covered up.
They have killed people.
And scientists do that.
I don't know that they
are doing it anymore
and that the influence of
frequencies on the human minds
sets up a kind of
bell-shaped curve,
that influence could be
everything from what Grant just
said, putting downloads
into a human mind
in order to inspire
a scientific idea.
I once talked with
somebody who said Einstein
might fall in that category.
And there has been
some effort on a planet
that they are probably
responsible for setting
in motion the standing
up of primates,
that the document that I was
shown at Kirtland Air Force
Base April 9th, 1983 that said
extraterrestrial biological
entities manipulated DNA in
already evolving primates
to create Homo Sapien.
And that is a
sentence that today I
encounter in almost
every discussion
that I would have with
somebody who has had experience
on the military side or the
intel side with analyzing what
is this phenomenon.
So if we are made and
we have tubules, now,
that we're discovering,
in our brain,
then the ability for
something that we still
haven't met and had
a handshake with,
but that has the ability to
put numbers, formulas, images,
geometries, fractals
in our minds
is something that the government
of the United States, I know,
is afraid of.
And yet at the
same time, I think
if we could know the
truth and understand
in this panoply of all of
the different types that
are described by people
in the abduction syndrome,
we might begin to be able
to separate out and say,
if we learned how, if we
became conscious about how
our minds could be
manipulated, then
maybe there would be ways to
enhance that which is positive
and block that
which is negative.
And what I was talking with
Grant about before we started
was the single most pivotal and
profound experience of my life.
I was 21 years old.
I was up in the
mountains of Idaho
with my brother and a cousin.
And the reason we were there
was so I could climb a mountain
because I was to be in
the Miss America Pageant
in September of that
year and I wanted my body
to be as strong and
healthy as possible.
So I had been going up and
down this mountain twice.
And by that time,
it had probably
been eight or nine days.
So it was something I was
doing that would almost
fall into a routine.
And sometimes when
you're in a routine,
it becomes like meditation,
whether you know it or not.
Whatever was the
cause, I ended up--
there's a lot more, but
I'll just cut to this--
the entire world around me
turned into pulsing light.
And at first, I
wanted everything
to go back to normal.
It's an odd reaction, because
it was so extraordinarily
beautiful.
And I started running
again on a path
to make everything
go back to normal.
But instead of going back to
normal, everything everywhere,
the mountain, the stars
in the twilight sky,
everything began pulsing,
not just the ground.
And I found something
that felt like warm jello
lifting up my hands
in front of me.
I wasn't lifting my
hands, it was something
that felt like warm jello.
And my hands came up
in front of my face.
And I heard this thought
voice in my mind,
you are one with the light.
The light is one with you.
And you are in the
hands of God forever.
And then the warm jello, it
seemed to let my hands go down.
And as I was looking at then
the world of light around me,
it was as if, and now I
think about these tubules
that they have found, it
was as if at that moment
I went from one complex to
another in which photon light
and sun from that time on
has been the ally of my life.
And you wish that you
could communicate this
to everybody on the planet.
But it is something that
even this morning as I'm
telling you, I feel awkward.
I think you feel
that if you talk
about these experiences
that relate to frequencies
and light, that somehow we
as a human species judge
and dismiss.
And I guess
everything in my work
now is that I
would like to reach
as many people as possible,
not about the UFO,
mechanical technology.
But that I really
think if we're going
to survive on planet
Earth, everybody
has to have these
kinds of experiences.
To get us out away from the
meat world into something
where we will be
able to survive.
>> Thank you, Linda.
[APPLAUSE]
Rocket Man, David Adair.
>> Golly, where do I start?
Just give you an
idea of how long--
I didn't realize how long
I've been at this stuff.
But my first encounter,
whatever you want to say,
occurred back in 1971.
And I was working.
When I was seven, quantum
physics, differential
mechanics, that
wasn't even heard of.
I've been at this for 57 years.
So I didn't realize it.
I suddenly feel old.
The little girl, I fixed
her bicycle next door.
She asked me how
old I was and I told
her two days older than dirt.
I've been at this for a while.
Y'all are right about
the downloads, though.
There's definitely
some substance to that.
You know, to be fair to
everybody in this room,
and the question "I want
to know what's going on."
Well, let me tell you
a couple of things.
I want you to consider this.
The aliens that
come here and visit,
they don't always know
what they're doing.
They mess up.
They're under the same
Murphy's Law as we are.
Things bust, things
gets messed up.
They lose their
charts, whatever.
They foul up.
And when it comes to
us, tampering with us,
they didn't always know
what they were doing.
However, in those downloads, let
me share some things with you.
If you ever an alien race
you know what the first thing
you should do?
Reach in your pocket,
hopefully, you
got some change, hand
the change to them?
Why?
In a matter of seconds,
they'll look at it
and go, wow, he
knows metallurgy.
He has a government,
a base 10 system.
Oh, he believes in a god.
"In God we trust."
all of that's coming off
the change in seconds
You ever consider that?
They do.
There's more.
Don't run.
They'll think you're a rabbit
and they'll probably eat you.
So stand still and
hand them the change.
Now, here's something else.
People have always
asked me, you know,
when you stuck your hands on
that craft, what did you get?
Oh, I got way more
and I was asking for.
I didn't really was
expecting any of this.
But consider this.
When a UFO comes in
and everybody thinks,
oh, they're light.
You know, you can
push them around.
Well, they are light until
they shut their engines off.
Because when they shut they're
engines off completely,
the material that the crafts
are made of are extremely heavy.
So they have to be careful where
they need to do maintenance.
And they have to do maintenance.
They just don't run forever.
They got to tune things up.
So when they sit down, you
know what they look for?
Railroad tracks.
Do you want a diesel
locomotive weighs?
575 tons.
So when they sit down, they
clamp down on these rails
and turn their engines off.
Those rails are universal
wherever they go.
They know they can
take the weight.
But there's a second
reason why they're
clamping down on these
rails with the big clamps.
All the rails are
continuously hooked together
from South America,
North America, Canada.
And they're using the rails as
a phase array radar antenna.
That's how they send
their signals back home.
You ever heard any
of this stuff before?
I didn't think so.
And another thing they like.
They like jello.
At least, this
particular race did.
And they don't have
gelatin on their planet.
And I had to ask
them, we like red.
They like green.
Maybe it's the color.
I don't know.
But the point is, don't make
the dangerous assumption
that they know everything,
omni-knowledge, omni-presence,
they're not.
Let me give you another example.
Consider this.
You get a yahoo like
me on another planet.
And I show you all
back in 1971, I
created an entirely
new propulsion system.
Now, instead of fighting with
me, which they did, and they
were fighting over like
scraps between dogs,
if they had helped me,
I could have given you
some really interesting
modes of travel at that time.
So we hop on board,
and we take off.
We land on another
planet, because we can
transfer vast distances now.
However, we still make mistakes.
So here, just because
they have landed
some advanced craft doesn't
mean they're necessarily
advanced in their technological
or sociological thoughts.
And also consider this,
when a race sets down, grabs
hold of somebody,
does experiments,
does all kinds of things,
don't even ask you really,
that's not very advanced because
they sure don't respect you
as a sentient being.
They look more,
you know, they're
looking at you with the same
way a doctor would look at a lab
rabbit in a laboratory.
So that's not very
advanced, I don't think.
And what is their
prime directive?
Which is something
Star Trek came up with.
But it's a really smart
idea, non-interference.
You don't interfere with a race.
You don't experiment on them.
You let it run its
own natural course
because you don't have
the right to do that.
So I may be bringing in
exact opposite thoughts
than what you get
from my colleagues
up here, which are fine.
Most of the stuff
they're saying is really
quite fascinating and accurate.
But just don't make that
dangerous assumption
that they know everything.
They don't.
And they got Murphy Law up
their butt just as bad as we do.
So you know, they hate it when
that anti matter drive stops.
God, I hate it
when that happens.
So that's some things I
want you to think about.
It's really, you know, still
dicey out there, what they're
doing, what their goals are.
I'm from a more of a
disciplined approach looking
at the problem.
And I'm not going to just
hand over and surrender
my independent thoughts
simply because they showed up
in a really neat spacecraft.
So think about that, you know.
And you could imagine what
it's like if I meet an ET,
I would have to sit there
and talk to him for a while
before I tie a knot
in his long neck.
And here, believe me, I have
firsthand knowledge of stuff
that you're all wanting
to know what's going on.
So the imperfectalities that we
have here, they're universal.
They're across all the planets
out there and all the races.
The ones that simply
get here, they just
got a better mode
of transportation.
It doesn't mean they have the
answers to all the other stuff.
So I don't know what
the answer is to that.
What are they doing here?
Which way they want to go?
And you got multiple
people, multiple races,
and they all got
multiple agendas.
And they have agendas, too.
They come all this way,
vast distances, you know.
How many times have
we heard of people
abducted, taking samples?
Well, they're
looking for something
or they're planning to do
something or alter something.
So, yeah, they have their
own agendas as well.
But just don't surrender
everything at once
when you hear this.
Ooh, here they are.
It's not necessarily that way.
>> Thank you, David.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
That makes me think
of a little story.
Because I also, you
know, talk about that
when I give a talk about how
the ETs don't know everything,
especially the gray ones.
And there's actually
a true story
of someone hiking
in the El Yunque
Rainforest in Puerto Rico.
And he was hiking along a path.
And then a little ET was
coming the other direction.
And they both saw each other and
were both shocked and both ran
in different directions.
It's true.
So just now Stephen
Bassett got here.
Thank you for making it.
I'm so glad.
[APPLAUSE]
So I just want to
give an introduction.
He is the executive director
of the Paradigm Research
Group dedicated to end the
government-imposed embargo
on the truth behind
extraterrestrial-related
phenomenon.
He organized a citizen's
hearing on disclosure
at the National
Press Club in 2013
as well as two political
initiatives in Washington DC.
Let's welcome Stephen Bassett.
[APPLAUSE]
If you want to say
just five minutes.
What we are talking about is,
are ETs helping us evolve?
Maybe are they helping us
get disclosure, possibly?
>> OK, first I'd like to
apologize for being late,
my colleagues, and
to the audience.
I had a really bad morning.
I can't talk about it.
But I do promise to attend
two "get your life together"
lectures later today.
[LAUGHING]
Obviously, only the ETs know
what they're going to do,
what they want to
do, and so forth.
And I have not had
any meetings, though I
have sent many requests.
But we have glimpses.
We have little bits of here,
there that we can surmise
or project a little bit.
Of course, being a new
ancient aliens alumnus,
I have to acknowledge that they
have been interacting with us
for tens of thousands of years.
And by the way, there is an
AlienCon coming up in June,
the fourth one from
"Ancient Aliens."
So there will be about
20,000 people there
at the LAX convention center.
But let's just talk
about the modern era.
From the contactee reports,
over probably somewhere
between maybe as many
as a million reports
that are now accumulated
in the research,
that's a lot of information.
Not all of it can be, obviously,
simply taken for granted.
But there's a bell curve
of accounts which coalesce.
And those accounts indicate
direct interactions,
some people being taken
and being brought back,
fortunately.
Sometimes they're
asked questions.
They'll be asked, do
you believe in God?
And they'll say, yes.
They'll ask, is there a god?
They'll say yes.
These are in the
contactee reports.
Does that mean it's true?
No, it could just be
they're humoring you.
Because, yeah, they took
you out of your bed.
And they're just
trying to be nice.
I don't know.
But we know that.
[LAUGHING]
They give messages
to contactees--
this is a standard thing,
[INAUDIBLE] reported it--
oftentimes after table
work or whatever.
They'll then take
you aside and they'll
put messages into your head.
Sometimes they project
them on the wall.
It doesn't matter.
The messages seem to
have some consistency.
You've all heard about this.
They show future,
bad situations.
Some people think
they're actually
showing them the future.
I'd never accepted that.
I think they're showing a
possible future, meaning this
is what you guys are doing.
This is where it's going to
end up, giant pile of rubble,
and so forth,
environmental degradation.
That's interesting.
Why would they
bother to do that?
And then they do other things.
They put crop circles.
You know, all respect
to the crop circle
makers, wonderful
group of people,
whoever the hell they are.
But most of those crop circles
are extraterrestrial, trust me.
I've always known that.
And research has confirmed it.
Why do you do that?
Why do you put beautiful images
into the same fields every year
knowing that each
year people are
going to come back
with FLIR cameras
and ultralight
airplanes and goggles?
They hang out all night
trying to catch them.
And they're so nice.
And there's almost very
little crop that's lost.
It seems like a nice thing.
And you can find
crop circle images
on refrigerators in Moldavia.
People love them.
They put them up.
That's interesting.
Right?
The cattle mutilation
thing, that's a little tough
if you're a farmer.
It's a little
unpleasant, not that we
don't do that ourselves.
In fact, we kill a lot
more cattle on the planet
than they do.
I have a feeling the
government's been paying
the ranchers under
the table that
lose these cattle so they'll
just be cool about it,
but I can't prove it.
But most importantly, the most
important thing that I've seen,
and I'll finish with this.
One the most important pieces
of evidence of this field
ever is the good members of
the United States Air Force,
high security SAC base
officers who came forward--
and there's many that haven't
yet, but they eventually will--
confirming that they have
turned off our nuclear weapons
on numerous times.
>> Yes.
>> In Russia, I know I think Tom
DeLonge is saying that they do
that here.
I disagree with him
on this, but I'm
welcome to see the evidence.
In Russia, they go further.
They turn the systems
on, maybe because they
needed to send a stronger
message to the Soviet Union,
rather.
Meaning, everything is fine,
and suddenly the system
is going to launch mode.
And you're going, who did that?
Comrade, who did that?
And then they try to stop
it, and it doesn't stop.
And it keeps going,
and it keeps going.
And it gets up to the point
of launch, and it turns off.
That'll get your attention.
And check on this.
You'll find this is true.
Tom says this happened here.
I don't think so.
But over here they've turned
our weapons off plenty of times.
And we can turn them back on.
They don't melt them, right?
Melt them down.
They turn them off.
We turn them on.
Most of the witnesses
I've talked to,
like Bob Sallis and others,
believe this is a message.
It's a simple message.
One, they're useless against us.
And two, why in the
hell do you have these?
And so just from that,
the general sense
is they're trying to influence
our behavior right now.
And they got serious about
it after we dropped those two
atomic bombs on some
Japanese people back in '45,
you may recall.
They turned up 14 months
later all over the world
and in Roswell in July of '47.
So my perspective, which
could be completely wrong,
is that whatever they've done
to us in ancient alien times--
did I mentioned AlienCon?
What they're doing
now is trying to help
us get through a particular
period that could go badly
because they'd like us to
stick around for a while
and possibly because they know
we need to have a disclosure
event.
They know that they need to
become fully acknowledged
on the planet by
all people, which
means nations and politicians
have got to acknowledge it,
otherwise people are
going to go, I don't know.
And that is the
principal influence
that they're executing.
And the goal of
it is disclosure.
They're pushing us.
If they didn't want
us to talk about us,
they could be a
lot more discreet.
But they're not.
And I honestly believe
that if we have disclosure,
we finally have that
announcement worldwide,
that it won't be very long
before open contact will come.
And that's a whole
new ball game.
And then we can have another
interesting discussion.
>> Yeah, thank you.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
So there is a question.
I like these questions.
It's for anyone on the panel
or everyone on the panel.
Someone is asking, has
any member of the panel
ever seen an alien
themselves in person?
And what were the circumstances?
>> Paola Harris.
Paola Harris.
>> No, him.
>> Paola.
>> I guess I should
comment on this.
I worked with
extraterrestrials side
by side in operating room
conditions in the facilities.
Some of the beings that
we were working on,
there were actually
beings there that
would help us work on the
collecting of tissue samples
and dissections or teaching
us about their species.
The most interesting
thing about them
was the language of telepathy
that we had to learn.
Because they can speak, but
it's usually not a normal thing.
The first time I saw a
live extraterrestrial,
it was at a large board
meeting of about 25 scientists
that were just discussing
some new things that
were coming into the facility.
And they did warn
us there would be
three live extraterrestrial
beings that will be helping us.
They have volunteered
to be here.
They were not
captured or tortured.
A lot of extraterrestrial
stuff that comes to our planet
is actually
intentionally crashed
here to help us
evolve a little bit.
And a lot of the
beings on those things
are programmed lifeforms.
They're not actually real live
beings with souls and spirits.
They might be a cybernetic
organisms and things like this.
>> Emery, could you
just tell which type,
what physical type you have
actually seen and the whole
description?
Sure.
Yeah, absolutely.
The ones I worked
with were very tall.
They were very, very
white, like albino.
They had very large almond eyes
twice the size of our eyes.
They were wider set
apart than our eyes.
They also had smaller
noses and smaller lips.
They were ectomorphic in
body somatotype, which
means long, lean muscle, bone.
There was no big fat ones.
>> Hair?
>> Some had hair and
some did not have hair.
The hair was more like a kind
of the dreadlock type of hair.
It was more of a skin than
like a fur or soft hair
like we have.
That's kind of the
best description.
They were always taller than me.
And they had a great
sense of humor.
And one of the
experiences I had working
across the table from one of
them, my first time assisting
one, you have to really go into
this when you're meeting them,
you have to ground yourself.
You cannot have a lot
of emotion on board.
So if you just got out of
a fight with your spouse
and you're angry inside
and you're hiding it
and you walk in
and you transmit,
hello, it's like, hello!
So they pick up on the emotion.
Because telepathy is
not something that you--
you're not hearing like a voice.
It's you already
know what they said.
And it comes from the
emotion, from the heart.
It's very interesting.
And when we're working together,
it's so fast, the transmission,
I already know he needs this.
Here you go.
He already knows I need
this and he hands it to me.
It's like-- it's flawless.
And one funny
thing that happened
is, they know everything.
So there is no--
you cannot deceive or
have deception with
the extraterrestrials I'm
talking about, this race.
They know everything about you.
You know, I don't know
everything about them.
They have some sort of way
to kind of block that part.
But one of the funny things
was after a day on Friday
when I was leaving work
and we were finishing up
on the specimen, it was like,
oh, have a great weekend.
Ha, ha, ha.
And I was, like,
uh-oh, oh, he knows.
He knows about my hot date.
That's not cool.
And you know, so
they're very comical.
And they're just like us,
they have personalities.
Some are more stern than others.
Like, the reptilian race
is very, very stern.
And they don't joke
around too much.
But they're very
advanced in technology.
So I've met many
different races.
But these are the
ones that I actually
saw on a weekly basis that
were there in the facility.
And it wasn't every day I got
to work with them, by the way.
It was just on special
details and special projects
where they wanted me to assist.
I was really good with
telepathy and remote viewing.
So there was a few
of the technicians
in there like myself, that
were really good with this
that could really stay focused.
And it's like a meditative, you
got to be in a meditative state
as you're working.
Because you can't be
thinking about other things.
Because they pick up on, you
know, you thinking about, hey,
I can't wait to get home
and ride my motorcycle down
the mountain.
You know, because I was
a young kid at the time.
So you're like, you're
focused, you're there.
They know everything,
which was kind of nice.
It was a really humbling
experience to be around them.
Energetically, it was a very
calm and beautiful feeling.
I don't think they were
controlling my emotions.
It was just very calm.
It was very-- you're very
focused, you're calm,
and you're happy.
It's a very happy feeling
that they give you.
>> Emery, do you mean that there
were live tall whites and dead
tall whites?
>> Correct.
>> And what was it that
killed the tall whites?
>> I have no idea.
I'm not allowed to ask where
are the specimens come from
or where the craft come from.
It's very compartmentalized.
The only reason they
would bring me to a craft,
if there was a specimen that
I collected some DNA from
and they suspected it
was from this craft, then
they would take me to the craft
to collect more specimens.
So they would do
the DNA testing.
So you know, I was
just a technician,
you know, following orders
and we weren't allowed
to really know too much.
Later on, I got
privy to a lot more.
And that's why they hired
me to do the crash sites
and things like this.
Because not only
was I taking samples
from craft and
from other beings,
but I was taking
also from equipment
that they found on the craft.
So the craft themselves
with devices and things
like this where we're taking
scrapings and things like this
and seeing what types of
material they were made out of.
Some craft had flora on it.
So there was also
animals as well, pets.
>> Dead or alive?
>> Both dead and alive.
>> Mutilated?
>> No.
No I'm talking about
crash sites right now
where we would find
things bag them
and tag them in these big
giant vacutainers, huge.
They look like a big capsule.
Some we can add different
gases and different atmospheres
into this to mimic, you
know, the atmosphere
that was on the craft.
Different beings, there are
so many different beings,
by the way.
It's like there's just
like on our planet
there's so many
races on our planet.
So think like
interstellar-wise, just
think everyone else
mingling together
and how many different
races there are.
And the different types of looks
and the way their bodies are.
They all do have like a
head two arms and two legs
like the five-pointed
star system, what
we refer ourselves to.
There are a few of them that
are gelatinous that do not
have shape, but
they can actually
morph into almost
any shape they want.
So they can be made to
look like something.
They have great cloaking
abilities, like the higher
interdimensional ones.
And when I was listening
to Adair just now,
it's like there's
many levels, too.
Like he said, they
don't know everything.
So there's extraterrestrials
out there, guys,
that are just a few thousand
years more advanced than us.
And then there's
extraterrestrials out there
that are actually like a billion
years more advanced than us,
that they already can turn
into a light formation,
a light body.
They can turn into anything.
They're transdimensional,
interdimensional.
And they were once
us, I believe.
Because out of all the DNA
samples that we have tested
were some of them I was privy
to get to see the results,
they all had human DNA.
There was a little bit
of human DNA in them.
And a lot of questions I get
is like, Emery, are you an ET?
And I'm like, we're all ETs.
But we're all--
>> Thank you, I will just let
everyone know that you're going
to do your workshop
at 4:00 today.
So you can hear about
this and much, much more.
Because he's going
to talk about how
it was to work in
the underground base.
>> Yeah, and I'm going to
be interviewing him on these
things.
And they are so interesting.
Because this is the
latest information.
>> Paola, do you want to talk
about your encounter with
an ET?
It was very meaningful.
>> No.
OK, it's very hard.
>> Hey, can I just
say something?
I got a message from the
being that Paola actually
interacted twice.
I had a message, two times I
had a message from a being.
One ended up being
the book "Tuned In--
The Paranormal World of
Music" about the fact
there are messages in music.
But the second one came from a
being by the name of Antarel.
And the reason I was sort of
going there was because Paola
had had this event.
So Paula can tell you,
she actually encountered,
I had a message from the same
being that she encountered.
>> OK.
I have to tell you
how this happened.
Because this is not something
I really wanted to do.
Because I'm pretty
nuts and bolts.
And I want to stay
in the stable world.
But I began researching
human-type aliens
because I have a bias that
the UFO community has shoved
the ETs into reptilians,
Nordics, and greys,
and this is totally ignorant.
And it's not true.
And there are, as
Emery mentioned,
different kinds [INAUDIBLE].
You can't shove it into
any of those three boxes.
And we tend to make
these judgments, which
are ridiculous.
So I went back to
the giant rock days.
It's part of my presentation.
I looked at the 1950s,
Adamski, Menger, Van Tassel,
and I went there.
And I got the survivors
of those days.
And I found out that these space
people that came to this earth
in the 1950s, '60s, including
Eugenio Siragusa in Italy,
were people.
Our field is gray aliens.
And what happened in
the 1950s, and I'm
very emotional about this,
was these people coming off
spaceships giving
us direct messages
and they lived somewhere else.
Because, as Monsignor
Balducci told me,
God created people all over
the place, which is logical.
Why would create
people only here?
So the thing is this,
that I started doing that.
And then I realized that
these people from the 1950s
went away because as they
land in this country,
all that they're interested
in is the propulsion system.
You go up and say, how
does the craft work?
And that's all everybody
is interested in.
I found out that in the
1970s with Sixto Paz
Wells and his brother Charlie,
all those people in Peru
were meeting with space people.
So I had to go to South America.
And I started interviewing
all of the South American
contactees from the 1970s,
who Grant has already
talked to also.
And I said, are
you guys kidding?
You went out into the desert?
You did automatic writing?
You guys were meditating,
and the ETs told you
when they were going to land?
They said, yes.
I don't think the
South Americans go up
and say, where is your
propulsion system?
How does your craft to work?
They'll say, hi, how are you?
That's where they went.
And so during all
my interviews, which
are in the back of my book,
"All the Above-- and Beyond."
And it was hard because
I don't speak Spanish.
So I was with a Spanish
interpreter the whole time.
I got to learn about
a contactee named
Ricardo Gonzales who
is from Lima, Peru
but lives in Argentina.
And Ricardo travels the world.
Because he was told
to adhere to the idea
that we need to come together
for world peace or nobody
is ever going to talk to us.
So Ricardo from ALTAI, from
Asia, from ALTAI in Mongolia
writes me and says,
my contact, and he's
had eight meetings
with Antarel--
my contact Antarel
wants to meet you.
And I thought he just
wanted publicity,
so I said, no, I don't want
to really go to Shasta.
It was Mt.
Shasta.
It was camping for three days.
I didn't know it
was also fasting.
So thank god I brought an
apple, I cut it in 16 pieces
and tried to last
for those days.
Froze to death.
And I didn't understand
the language.
And I didn't understand Spanish.
And it's all in Spanish.
And he does it every year.
So I said no three
times, until he
called me from Malaga in Spain
and said Paola, Antarel wants
to meet you.
And I thought, oh,
you know, this is--
And he says, we'll arrange it.
We'll get you the tent.
We'll pick you up.
We'll take care of
it and everything.
So I went for curiosity.
And the secret is to
say yes to these things.
Because I say no all the time.
And I said yes.
I went there.
I was there for three days.
With Ricardo Gonzales,
it's programmed sightings.
He knows the exact time they
fly over because they tell him.
And so the thing was this,
that they flew over at 8:35,
then Antarel would be
in the forest in Shasta.
And so this was
Sunday, the last night.
But all I could think about
was freezing to death,
getting out of there,
and I was starving.
So I couldn't wait
till it was over.
I saw the fly over at 8:35.
But I didn't believe anything.
So I just said I hope this is
over soon because I'm cold.
And he knelt down in front of
me, came over to me and said,
Antarel is in the forest.
Can you handle it?
It was a split second yes
or no, a split second.
And he said there are
two women that are
going to walk down with you.
You hold hands.
He's standing next to a tree.
And Ricardo said, I
can't go with you.
He doesn't want me
there, he just wants you.
And so I'm like,
I get emotional.
Because he did the video.
Because it was scary.
You know, so I held hands
with Mercedes and Suyapa.
Sol and my interpreter
were down there already.
I walked down there
and I'm within,
I don't know how
many feet of the man
that's standing next to a
tree that's 10 foot tall.
He had a hoodie on, actually.
He looked like he just
came out of a gym.
He had a hoodie on
with space boots.
And you know, like,
he had a spacesuit.
But he had the hoodie on.
I could see his long, long face.
He had a long face and
almond-shaped eyes.
And he was standing there.
And the scariest part
is, Ricardo told me
when I got down there, let go
of their hands, the other two
women.
Because you're going to
have separate experiences.
And I did.
And that was the scariest
part of the whole thing.
Because as long as I'm holding
on to somebody, I'm OK.
But when I got down
there, I let go.
I didn't know what to do.
I did not know what to do.
I'm standing there.
There's no protocol for this.
I didn't know what to do.
I just stood and stared at him.
He was standing by the
tree with his hands down.
And he was speaking a language
I didn't understand at all.
So I thought this is in Spanish.
I don't know what's
going on here.
What is he saying?
And I had no protocol.
So I just bent my head and
said, I respect you, Antarel.
I couldn't say-- I didn't--
because that is not like
anybody, I mean, that I know.
So at the very-- he's three
minutes of this language.
It sounded like an echo
through the whole forest.
It sounded like a bullhorn.
And at the very end
of the three minutes
in a robotic voice like a
robot, he said "thank you."
He turns around and he
walks back into the forest.
So did that happen?
Yes?
Do I have post-traumatic stress?
Yes.
I didn't know what happened.
When I ran back to Ricardo,
he said, what happened?
I said, I think
he said thank you,
but I think I'm going crazy.
So because I had been doing all
the work on human-type aliens,
this is an Apunian.
The basin is in
Huascaran in the Andes.
The whole story of the
Apunians, this kind of race,
is captured in a book
called "Contact from Apu."
My experience and
Ricardo's experience
with this particular race that
has been helping the peasants
in the Andes for
years, has been talking
to the farmers in the Andes.
They're not going to
come to the government.
They've been helping heal
children and everything
in Peru.
This is Peru.
Huascaran is the
mountain in the Andes.
And I'm on my way there in May
to that base, to that mountain.
Because I want to do
a documentary on this.
So it's very interesting.
So it isn't the grey, and the
Nordics, or the reptilians.
These are particular races.
And it's very hard for
me to talk about it.
>> Paola, we want [INAUDIBLE]----
you thank you, Paola.
>> Can I just add just a
30-second support to this.
I was with Paola at Mt.
Shasta.
She had two experiences
two years in a row,
was petrified both times.
But Paola took me around
to all the people.
She said all the
rest of the people,
there were seven
people in this xendra.
We call them portals.
They call them xendras.
There were seven people.
We went around and we
interviewed all the people.
And I said, so what did you see?
Oh, it was this
guy standing there.
He was about 10 feet tall,
had sparks coming off
his chest, the same,
exactly the same story.
It was like they were
reading off a cue card.
And I remember the one guy we
were interviewing, and I said,
were you scared like Paola?
No, not really.
He was one of the ones with--
>> That's Raymundo.
>> Raymundo, he went,
they found the xendra.
There were six people that
actually had automatic writing.
That a couple days
before had actually
said that the xendra would open.
That's why they went into the
forest looking for the xendra,
for this portal, because
they had these messages.
But we went around.
I remember Raymundo,
I said to him,
were you scared like Paola?
And he said, no, not really.
And I said, so you've
seen him before?
Oh, yeah, I've seen him.
I said, how many times
have you seen him?
I don't know, five or six times.
I don't keep count.
And they sort of
follow them around.
So this is an event that I was
sort of involved in as well.
I didn't get the xendra, but
I had a programmed sighting
that happened over my head.
But it is fascinating
when you get in there
and then you talk to the people.
And these are all people
like our gardeners,
I mean, these are just
ordinary Latino people who
come to meditate on Mt.
Shasta to save the world.
And I'm thinking like where
are the white American guys?
I mean, we're
destroying the world.
And these Latino
people are coming here
to meditate for world peace.
But it was a fascinating
thing to actually have
all these people.
Because this is not
a one-person event.
This was seven people in each
event that saw this being.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
Paola is going to speak next.
Paola is going to have her
workshop at noon and in Los
Angeles A room.
So after this it's
really great if you
could go there and learn more.
There's a question for Linda.
Do you think there's
a cover up of how much
we can develop as humans
and if we can become more
powerful than we really are?
Do you think that's being
covered up on this planet?
>> Yeah, it's a really
good question, actually.
The whole conflict of
various intelligences, when
you get to talk with people
who have had interactions
either with entities
or they've been
assigned to go to different
parts of the world
in a military unit or
something, the one thing that
is a common denominator to
it all seems always to be,
as a Navy SEAL said
to me, I had to fight
as if I were fighting for my
life to hold my mind intact.
Humans, Homo sapien
sapien, we haven't been
built for telepathic downloads.
And there was one incident
where a man was in the Air Force
and had to fly to Arizona.
And the reason I'm
telling you this
is the question implies, is
it in the vested interests
of any of the non-humans
to see us evolve?
And most people in military,
anyway, in their exposures,
I'm going to tell you
one here in a second,
they think that it is in the
interest of the non-humans
to keep us dumb and blind
about what's happening.
And the majority
of people that I
have been able to talk to
on or off the record who
have had some sort of
interaction with beings
describe the whole experience
as our minds are not
ready to take a
telepathic download
and that our existence and
our relationship to them, then
must always be disconnected
and quite strange.
And now I'm going to tell you
about this one Air Force guy.
He got a call that
they were gathering
at a place, a village
in northern Arizona.
And it was 1974 as I recall.
And when he got there, they had
quite a military contingency.
And his superior officer
came to him and said,
we want to try to find out
why blond Nordics destroyed
a bridge here and
flooded the village.
We don't know why.
And we are trying to call in
the Ebens, the pear-headed ones.
They were being used to
communicate with the blondes.
And he said as an
assignment, I want
you to experience what it
is like to have a download.
We have one of the Eben beings
here, and they have agreed.
And the superior officer
said to this Air Force
guy who is telling
me this story,
it's going to come
from that tent flap.
Walk and stay on the ground.
They prefer to float, some
anti-gravity technology
that they use.
But he will stay on the ground.
You will find it looks like
Donald Duck in an old cartoon.
And you will want to laugh
until it gets up to about 10
to 12 feet from you.
And then you will feel like when
we do flame thrower exercises.
Your whole body is going
to want to retreat, run.
And this man, tall,
big, strong, said
he felt like they were
treating him like a child.
And he said, I can handle this.
Everything that the superior
officer said happened.
But when the being got
up to about 10 feet,
he said my whole body
began to tremble.
And I became
embarrassed because I
knew that my superior officer
and everybody was watching.
As my body was
beginning to tremble,
the being raised his head.
And when their
eyes connected, he
said, with mine,
it was all over.
And I've heard this
description before,
that he said it would
be like seven movies
from Hollywood going
through your mind
all at the same time with
gold symbols superimposed
over all of the movies and that
he was feeling temperature.
He was feeling touch.
He was feeling everything.
It was a big, huge,
booming thing in his head.
And he said he began to
realize that his own mind was
trying to ask questions.
And it was the questions
that were sending off
all of the new films.
And then he collapsed.
The military were
standing behind him.
They took him.
He woke up about three to four
hours later on a stretcher.
He said if God asked me
himself what was communicated,
I couldn't tell you.
And he said we all
would like to sit down
in Starbucks with
an extraterrestrial
and learn about the universe.
And it isn't going to happen.
Now, this is an
insight that I give you
about how complicated
communication is
if we are noisy
and verbal and we
are dealing with civilizations
that are rapid image math
minds telepathically.
So when you start there,
your question, the interface,
if they made us,
they know everything
about how we are wired.
So it seems that if we're going
to end up ever in a peer ship,
that we either have to
become more telepathic
or they have to be able to
come up with the technology
that they could translate to us.
And I think that is one of
the biggest disconnects.
I have heard that during
the Truman administration
that they had a live non-human.
And in order to communicate
with scientists,
they had to put on
a shirt and a tie
so that they could
sit it at a table
and then see around the table
which scientist could take
a telepathic download repeated.
And they said that out of
the 10 or 12 scientists that
were at this table with
one of the grey-type Ebens,
there was not a single scientist
who could get the download
correctly.
That is a huge gulf.
>> Yeah, thank you.
Well, actually we do
know someone who can.
David Adair, I think when
you were in the UFO engine,
it contacted you.
So I've always wanted to
ask you this question.
Did the UFO engine, when
it was giving you messages,
did it give you strong
messages telepathically
that you haven't spoken about?
Or does it still do that?
>> Good question.
Yes, it does, continuously.
It never stops.
The download, or transfer
is what it actually really
was, it came with so
many things added to it.
And one of the most difficult
things you had to put up with
is that it's uncomfortable.
It's searing.
It's hot going into your brain.
And you're right, we're
not built for downloads.
We're really not.
They were concerned
I was going to leak.
Brain just can't
handle all of it.
But what surprised me was the
emotions that came with it.
It was really unexpected.
You know, seeing images
of stuff going by so fast,
but what you really
are communicating with
is not your thoughts.
You're using your
emotions to communicate.
Because your range of emotions
is really much broader
than oral speech, way more.
And I remember sitting there
going through everything from--
I thought if I was on the stage,
doing an ad lib or a prompt,
man, I would really
score an A on this.
Because you'll go from laughing
to crying to anger to fear
to just as fast as it can go.
And you're trying to control
it, and you forget that.
That's not going to work.
But the history that came
through this thing was amazing.
And keep in mind, this
is not a space craft.
This is not an alien
I'm dealing with.
It is a power plant, OK?
It's an engine.
But it is a sentient.
It's as aware as you me.
And it had history.
And I wouldn't have
thought a power
plant would have so much
history of interactions.
But the way the thing was built,
it functions very similar to--
I was in the Navy for 11 years.
And one time we
pulled up to Beirut,
and Beirut was so destroyed.
I was on a carrier, the Nimitz.
And we ran these big power
cables, lord, mercy, you know,
this big around.
Ran them into the city, right
into their power plants.
And the nuclear
reactors on the carrier
powered the city for
almost a year we sat there.
This thing could
do the same thing.
The big craft would land.
This power plant can be
ejected out of the ship.
And then it's a
power system that
could run an entire world
is how much power it has.
Millennials don't like long
terms, technical terms.
And I have been asked,
what kind of device is it?
Well, it's an electromagnetic
fusion containment system.
And they're looking
at me kind of blank.
But they came up with a phrase.
This is so brilliant.
I couldn't have done any better.
They went, oh, you
got a star in a jar.
And I went, that's
exactly right.
That's exactly what it is.
You have the power
of the sun harnessed
inside the
electromagnetic fields.
So this power plant
has been everywhere,
thousands and
thousands of worlds,
so many I couldn't even count.
And they had help.
But there was something
going on out there.
And the emotions
enlightened me to it.
They were in conflict.
There was some kind
of war, I guess.
And it's really old, an old war.
And they don't come
from any planets.
They come from
between the galaxies.
What everybody considers
dark matter, it is not.
It's far from dark.
There are solar systems
in between the galaxies.
We never thought there
was such a thing.
I knew about it in 1971.
Well, when Hubble finally got
out in the space shuttles,
we detected some
disturbance out there,
found out there are solar
systems between the galaxies.
And it's rare.
And they're really
spaced out far.
But this thing was right.
And yeah, this thing had a very
precise goal, a very specific
thing it was looking for.
And that was good
because I really
hate to see what the broad
range would look like.
But it has been a
presence in my life.
Now, 10 years before this
from age seven to 17,
I was doing OK with myself
as far as science goes.
I was working on stuff people
didn't even know what it was.
I have had to order
special books to find it.
But I was a little bit
ahead of a few things.
But after this thing did
what it wanted to do,
it has directed a lot
of things in my life.
And the story hasn't ended.
As you know, y'all are the
first to hear about it.
I haven't told it.
George asked me yesterday
if it's OK to talk about it.
And I had to think for a second.
I went, yeah, it's OK.
I'll be going to
Cairo to live forever.
I'll be running the space
programs out of there.
So that's going to be--
[APPLAUSE]
I got offered the
position and I took it.
And I don't know, you might
have heard George say yesterday,
and it's true, two days
ago Israel launched a pod
to the moon.
And it's just going
to land on the moon.
And they did it for two reasons.
One, they want
the Apollo effect.
Everybody will get
interested in the moon.
And second, to prove
that a small company
could get a probe to the
moon, which they proved it.
However, the very first
thing I'll be doing,
we're going back
to the moon, y'all.
And I'm going for a couple
of reasons like them,
but a little bit different.
One is, I want to
land at the sites
that this conspiracy tapes have.
You know, Nazi emblem up on
the moon, that's pretty cool.
I don't know what that stuff is.
I haven't a clue.
But, you know, the tower and
the big arch and all that.
That's worth looking at.
It warrants a serious look.
And you mentioned
crop circles, that's
another thing that should
be seriously investigated
and not just kind
of dusted over.
Cause that's not the
Doug and Dave show.
You know, it's
definitely something
beyond our intelligence.
You know, maybe it's teenagers,
you know, from another world
coming and doing graffiti there.
We'll mess these humans up.
Let's draw this and
watch what happens.
I don't know.
But it should be really
investigated seriously,
but it's not.
And I think that's a loss.
The other reason I'm going
is I'm after helium-3.
And look at the people who I
joined up with, powerbrokers.
They're not crazy about oil.
They can't drink the stuff.
It'll kill them, right?
So they don't like oil as much
you, but they're power brokers.
They don't care where
the power comes from long
as they don't kill us all.
Well, the fossil fuel
is not very healthy.
So they're looking for
another power system--
helium-3.
You hear that term.
Do you really understand
what helium-3 is?
No.
OK, look, I'm not going to
continue the darkness for you.
It's an isotope of helium.
We have helium-2 on our planet.
But it's manufactured in
the surface of the sun.
It's extreme temperatures,
100 million degrees centigrade
causes the helium to deform.
And it's now got--
I can't remember,
neutron or proton,
it's got an extra orbit.
And that's where
everything changes.
And its distributed
through our solar system
through the solar winds.
Well, none of it
can get on Earth.
Well, just tiny little
bits get on Earth
because we have the Van
Allen radiation belt,
all the layers of atmosphere
can't really get to us.
But on the moon, there's
nothing, just, bang,
it hits the surface.
When we brought the
moon rocks home,
that's how we
found out about it.
The University of
Wisconsin had some rocks.
They heated them up,
out came this gas.
Cooled it down into a
liquid and we had helium-3.
So what's good about helium--
>> David, we wanted to save
a lot of that for your talk
tomorrow.
>> Yeah.
>> It's all about the moon.
>> But if you don't come to
my talk, get this, helium-3,
if it's put into a reactor, it
will allow a reactor jump about
30% to 40% more efficient
than they are today.
And here's the kicker,
zero radiation,
clean, thermal fusion reactors.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Today at 4 o'clock, David
Adair is going to tell you his
whole story, about the UFO
engine and everything about his
life.
So that's at 4 o'clock today.
And then tomorrow
he's doing Post Con.
And it's all about the moon.
Because he knows so
much about the moon,
helium-3, and much more real
things that will surprise you.
>> Yeah, there's some real
surprises coming up, y'all.
>> Thank you.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Steve Mera, we
wanted to find out,
are there any particular hot
spots for UFOs in Britain?
I can think of some.
But I wanted to see what
you were going to say.
You know, not just that, but
the paranormal or seeing ETs
and where people have had the
most experiences in Britain.
>> I think there are paranormal
hotspots, you could say,
and ufological hotspots
all over the world.
Some studies that we've been
doing for the last few years
now, myself and my
colleague Barry Fitzgerald,
we're traveling around
the world looking
at a number of these locations.
What we have found is,
by utilizing satellites
in orbit of Earth,
we have managed
to be able to graph the
electromagnetic anomalies
of planet Earth.
When you actually do that,
there are certain areas
which are purple,
dark purple in color.
These are positive
magnetic anomalies.
If you look at those against
where major UFO encounters
or incidents have taken place,
there's a correlation there.
And these particular
locations are not just
having UFO experiences
there, in reports,
but they're also having
paranormal encounters.
You'll also have
cryptids being seen.
And they're also having
disappearances being seen.
And we also take
into consideration
the national parks, [INAUDIBLE]
has already talked about this.
And it is quite concerning
that these areas do also
represent disappearances as well
as cryptids and the paranormal.
So what we're actually
doing now is obviously
looking around the world
of where these areas are.
And we were lucky enough to
visit a contact in the desert
last year in Palm Springs.
And we were already armed when
we went over there, myself
and colleague, knowing that
there was only seven miles away
from where they were holding
this convention that there was
a positive magnetic anomaly.
So we left Contact in the
Desert where everybody
was talking about UFOs.
And we thought let's just go out
there and see if we were right.
Well, we ended up on a place
called Canyon Road, which
is about seven miles out from
where Contact in the Desert
is held.
And it's out in the desert.
It was a beautiful night sky.
And being also a ufologist as
well as a parapsychologist,
I studied in the
field of ufology.
So after doing it
for so many years,
we kind of get a little bit
bored after half an hour,
you know?
We kind of say, if they're not
turning up after half an hour,
we're going.
And we lose our
patience, you know?
And what was really
interesting is that, I
remember Barry turning to me.
Because we had
cameras all set up.
And of course, there was
nothing apart from just seeing,
you know, a beautiful sky.
And Barry said to
me, I think it's
time we start heading back.
But let's put the
equipment away.
So we as soon as we
place the equipment away,
I heard Barry over my shoulder
say, oh, they're here.
So I turned around and I
have another colleague who
was with us as well
here, Mike, who has
been doing some of the filming.
And he was with us as well.
And I turned and looked
at Mike, and he was just
transfixed on this thing.
What it was, I can only
describe it, it was very large.
It appeared from nowhere,
just a blink and it was there.
And it was so uncanny that we'd
just put all the cameras away.
You couldn't make this up.
And basically,
what was happening
there is that there was some
form of communication going on,
a flashing of light.
This thing went [VOCALIZING].
And it moved a little bit
and did a little bit more.
And the whole event only
lasted about 90 seconds.
But it was very large.
And looking at this, it was
like looking at an [INAUDIBLE]
light.
And immediately, it was gone.
And that told us we
were in the right spot.
So what we've done is we've
correlated the information
altogether.
We've been to the locations.
We traveled to
Ireland at a location
where UFO activity
is experienced there,
another positive
magnetic anomaly.
And this is at an ancient site.
And it's an underground cavern.
There's nothing down
there but just walls.
And we've set up
equipment down there.
And it's all about timing.
And my colleague Barry will
tell you exactly the same thing.
It was all about timing.
Because he said, Steve, we've
got to get up this hill.
And I'm running up
this hill in Ireland.
I'm absolutely tired out.
And he said, no, no,
we've got to get there
for the time the sun sets.
And I'm thinking, what's so
special about the sun setting?
Well, I realized
once I got there,
because out from the wall
bellowed this woman's voice.
And we actually
had the cameras on.
And we recorded the voice.
And we've looked at this.
And we cannot match that
language to any language we
know.
But it was as clear
and as present
there with us as me speaking.
And I thought to myself,
this is so unusual
to have a UFO location
and a paranormal location
[INAUDIBLE].
And this is over, well,
maybe 15 months ago.
And we've learned
a lot since then.
We've come on and we
realized that a lot
of the cryptid
sightings would seem
that they're kind of just there
to just clear you out the area.
Maybe something is going
on in these locations,
and they're just
there to say, get out.
We don't want you
here at the minute.
And it's very effective.
People don't stay around.
And these locations have also
been known for disappearances.
Now, we have pushed so
far into this subject now,
that we're looking at
electron diffuse regions.
Four or five years
ago, NASA announced
that they have found stabilized
electron-diffused regions
between the Earth and the Sun.
I'll tell you what those
are, guys, they are portals.
You know, that's just
a professional name,
electron diffused regions.
But we believe that
they could also
be represented
around the planet,
maybe even represented
with our sun.
We see a lot of evidence that
UFOs are coming out of the sun,
even coming out of the moon.
I've always questioned the
theories of how they get here.
And the recent surveys
show that, roughly, a UFO
is seen every eight
seconds around the world.
Well, that's a lot of UFOs.
When you talk to
SETI astronomers,
they say, well, space
is unusually quiet.
So where are they
all coming from?
If they're utilizing
this method,
then they seem to be
jumping in and out.
And that's what
we're interested in.
We're interested in the
locations where these incidents
are taking place.
And they're all correlated with
the paranormal, the ufological,
the crytids, and
everything else.
Thank you.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
Linda has something
to say about that.
>> Remember, Philip J. Corso
when he did "The Day After
Roswell?"
He talked about nine
places on the Earth
where the electromagnetic
field will naturally collapse.
And that what our
government began to realize
is where the magnetic
fields collapse
is where they were getting
all of this UFO activity.
And there was a man
from Martin Marietta
back at around 1981 or
'82 called me and said,
I want you to know
I have just done
work down in Sedona, Arizona
for Martin and for some agency.
And he said, we built a small
building around a device.
It was a solid brick
building, no windows.
It was in a rural
area near Sedona.
And that inside
was equipment that
would put out
frequencies to counteract
this collapsing of
the magnetic fields
because our government has been
trying to control and block out
the ability for
other technologies
to come in where there are
these collapsed magnetic fields.
And the fact that
it's global would
reinforce what you're
talking about, Steve.
>> Absolutely.
>> Because then
that point to point,
which is Einsteinian physics,
would have natural places
on the earth.
Either they would have
computers that would know
or they would provoke
magnetic field collapses.
And that's how they could move
point to point to this planet.
>> Exactly.
Yes.
And we're finding exactly the
same things in our research.
In fact, there are
ways now, there
are software you can
use with Google Maps
to tap into these
satellites and look
at the positive and the
negative magnetic anomalies.
Because the negative ones
are are just as interesting.
Because what we're finding
negative magnetic anomalies
is higher rates of suicides
for unusual reasons.
It would seem, though,
good places and bad places
to [INAUDIBLE] consistently.
But in regards to the
positive magnetic anomalies,
you can actually
look for yourself
utilizing specialized
software on the internet.
And we're going to be
showing that, actually,
at our workshop,
which is tomorrow.
We're running a workshop.
We're going to be showing
people how you can go and look
and you can check and you can
go and find out for yourselves.
So it's absolutely incredible
that these correlations,
and I think what year was that?
Was that right around
the 1980s, Linda?
>> 1982 is, I think--
>> 1982?
>> I think I had done
"A Strange Harvest"
about three years before.
And that's how he knew.
He worked at Mark
Marietta in Denver
where I was still the
Director of Special Projects.
>> So this research has
been on the cards, then,
regarding the anomalies
for a long time.
This is not something new.
>> And it ties into the issue of
why would southern England have
so many crop formations.
>> Absolutely.
>> Because it's a huge
limestone structure.
And it is surrounded by water.
And we know that there's lots
of water that is going in
through the limestone.
And there were actually tests
having to do in the early 1990s
before all of the so-called
hoax nonsense came about,
when we were really studying
fantastic, miraculous,
patterns.
And several people
were testing to see,
was there running water of a
certain direction and speed.
And I remember there was a
paper with drawings having
to do with finding
after the fact
that there was a lot of this
running water in the areas
where the crop circles,
the spectacular ones,
were centered.
And this comes to something
that I, personally, feel,
that we are dealing
with intelligences
who relate to this planet
as spherical geometry
and that they are looking at
the planet in a completely
different way than we do.
And what would happen on
one side of the world,
there will be an antipode,
an exactly opposite point.
And this is something that
has come up many times
in the study of animal
mutilations and crop
formations.
So we can't, as a species, we're
not thinking about our planet
as a spherical geometry at all.
We're still where we live.
And that is another
one of these gulfs
that we are going to have to
cross and bring ourselves up
to speed in order to understand
even why there could be
great big programs
that the earth would
be a part of a program
that involves even
the rest of the solar system.
>> I just want to add a weird
story that you may not have
heard.
Because you brought
up crop circles.
And the sort of the theme
of this morning was,
are ETs helping our evolution?
Colin Andrews tells
a story, and I
don't know if you've heard it.
He saw the first crop circle
in 1983, came up with the term.
But it actually
started back in 19--
I think was '76 or '77.
Colin tells this very
bizarre story about he's
a communications guy.
And he buys his first
reel-to-reel tape recorder.
It's a brand new tape recorder.
And he's got this thing
set up in the living room.
And he's going to test it.
And he's pulling the
microphone across the carpet.
And then he turns
on the tape recorder
for the very first time.
And that's when this
signal comes across.
The TV screen just goes,
[VOCALIZING] and this voice
comes across.
And so Colin records
the whole thing.
And it's a message.
It's like Steve's message
about shutting down
the nuclear weapons.
You guys are in trouble.
This is the end.
You've got all
this sort of stuff.
And this alien takes over
the TV screen for, I think,
six minutes or something.
And it's all on tape, because
Colin taped this whole thing.
So Colin said that--
of course, there was thousands
of phone calls went in
to people.
I think it was ITN where
the TV station was.
>> Yes, it was.
>> And they were
saying, what's going on?
Why did this message
come across the TV?
And Colin said that
the British government
had done an investigation.
And the TV network had
done an investigation.
And the only thing they could
determine that the two towers
where the signal came
through were the same towers
that broadcast
over the same spot
where all the crop circles
would later appear.
>> That's right.
>> Absolutely.
>> And I want to add a
story really quickly about--
Also Steve, I heard
what you had to say,
which is really interesting,
all these years,
about the missile shut downs.
Well, I got hold of
one of the witnesses
that was on the island of
Fangatofa in the Bikini Atoll.
His name is Guy Andronik.
He is a geophysicist.
It's in my books.
And Guy Andronik came
to my apartment in Rome.
And I was afraid because I
knew what he was going to say.
So I got a customs
agent to come, a Mulder,
to come while I was
doing the interview.
And we had him on camera.
And Guy Andronik told
me that in the 1970s
France did 800 h-bomb tests on
Fangatofa in the Bikini Atoll.
And on two occasions, there
were flyovers of UFOs.
They were not on vacation.
They told me that
there was three feet
of dead fish on the runways.
He told me they had
killed the coral.
This is France, and never
mind America or India, OK?
He said there were three feet
of dead fish on the runway.
They had killed the
coral and so forth.
And on two occasions,
they had flyovers of UFOs.
He had a court case against
the French government
because he had a child deformed
when the child was born.
Because he was out
on the runways while
the officers were in bunkers.
So of course, you know.
>> Oh, terrible.
>> So I'm taping
this going oh my god,
what are we doing
to this planet?
And then the fact
that it correlates
whether ETs are evil or good,
are just flying over saying,
we're here watching
this on two times.
Well, we went for
pizza after that.
I come home, my door is open.
The guy that was the Mulder, the
guy that was the customs agent
pulls out his gun.
And he's going to go
into my apartment.
And you know you've
been in that apartment.
Linda, you've been there, too.
And the door is open.
And I'm going, oh, he's
going to kill somebody.
I better-- If the people that
are in that apartment that
took the film footage and
so forth, I better knock
on all my, you know,
neighbors' doors
because I want them to
come out and watch this.
We're going to be in trouble
if he shoots that gun.
He went in and they had
taken the film footage.
They had taken the computers.
They had taken three cameras.
They took my mother's fur coat.
They took the jewelry
and made it look like a,
what do you call it, a robbery.
Because they didn't
want that film
footage to go into the world.
And he didn't shoot
anybody, thank god.
I was so scared.
That's the real state
of Planet Earth.
>> Yeah.
Oh, we don't have a lot of time.
So Steve Bassett, I
have a question for you.
>> OK.
>> Often you have referred
to fact that if America
doesn't give a disclosure,
perhaps another country might
come forward and
disclose officially.
Do you see any signs
of that happening?
>> Oh, yeah.
There's any number
of heads of state
that can wrap this up,
make an announcement, not
every country.
I imagine if whoever
is ruling Somalia
were to make an announcement,
it wouldn't have much impact.
But France, Germany England,
Australia, Canada, and Russia.
And Russia, based on the
current political realities,
Russia would be the number
one likelihood would be Putin.
And you can make
a really good case
why Putin would want to do this.
And I've been talking
about that for 20 years.
I've done, god knows,
1,200 interviews.
And I usually bring him up.
Why do I do that?
Well, am I a real
Putin fan, right?
No.
I bring it up because I
want to constantly remind
the Pentagon and
even the White House,
you don't control this
issue as much as you think.
And another nation could
announce it at anytime.
And if it happens
to be, say, Putin,
it's going to be an enormous
geopolitical impact on the US.
Because that leader
will immediately
ascend to global status.
The United States will be
sitting there going, hey,
we wanted to tell you, but
we couldn't get around to it.
It's not going to go well.
[LAUGHING]
And so I did that.
And just trying to remind them,
you guys, get this done, right?
We've almost had
it several times.
Believe me, there's a
pretty substantial history
of insiders trying to
maybe get something going.
And then it gets pulled back.
I get it, no problem.
But in 2017, after the election,
I got incredibly depressed.
And I stored up some Xanax
and left for England.
And I stayed there
for about six months.
And while I was there
was when To The Stars
Academy was announced
and came out.
And so as a result, I
was out of the country.
I was basically out
of the Rolodexes.
And so all of my colleagues
got interviewed about that.
I think maybe you got
interviewed about it.
I mean, whatever I was
nowhere to be seen.
No problem, my fault.
But while I was there,
I went to Moscow,
which of course
you always do when
you go to Europe.
And the reason I did that
was that a Moscow television
network, a national
network-run TV out of the blue
calls me up and says, we'd
like to interview you,
which I thought was interesting.
And they said, well, we
have a team in London.
I said, oh, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You want to interview me?
I come to Moscow.
And he said fine, you pay your
ticket, you can come here.
So I bought a ticket, got
a visa, went to Moscow,
and interviewed right
away, May 3rd that morning.
Stayed for seven days.
Met with six groups of former
Soviet and Russian officials,
military, who had retired
and like many of us, they
retired and they continued--
but, well, I say retired,
they had been dealing with
the issue while in government.
And just like some
of our retirees,
they continue to deal with it.
I even met with
Lavrov's chief of staff.
He was something.
And these were set up to for
me by an Italian supporter,
who apparently is really
connected in Moscow.
And so I had these-- but
mostly I gave the interview.
And the reason I did was
that I talked about Putin
and exopolitics.
No one had ever done this.
No one had ever talked
about exopolitical prospects
of disclosure and Putin
on any media anywhere
that I'm aware of.
Well, I mean, Russian
media anywhere.
US media, yeah, I was talking
about it for 20 years,
but not on Russian media
and never in Moscow.
And I did this as a test.
Because I'm saying,
look, how can I
determine if Putin really
would be on board with this?
OK, here's the deal,
accept an interview.
And by the way, REN TV is
well-connected to the Pentagon,
I mean, the Kremlin, rather.
It's very popular.
And they like it.
It's the fun show.
They have all the cool
stuff on [INAUDIBLE] TV.
So the Kremlin would have
known I was going to be there.
I knew the CIA would
know, absolutely.
So I give this interview.
And then I leave
seven days later
to see what's going to happen.
Well, first of all, I
got to leave the country.
I thought that was good.
OK.
All right, I got to
leave the country.
Good, good, good.
Come back.
I don't hear anything.
And about three
months go by and I
find that a couple of
snippets from this interview
appears in the Russian
television show.
They have several out there
that deal with the paranormal
and UFOs and so forth.
They're very good.
And they put a couple
of them in there.
And I got the show
and I looked at it.
And it's all in Russian.
And I go OK, that's
fine, that's a step.
And then about
three weeks later,
the full interview in
English was sent to me.
Now, this wasn't the high-level
production interview.
It's on my website you can find.
It's not the high-level
production interview
that the network was doing.
It was the journalist interview.
She had her own camera.
And so I got that.
And I knew there
was no way I was
going to get that material
from this journalist
if the Kremlin didn't
want it to leave.
So I got that.
And I put pieces up on the net.
And it's up there now.
I put out a press
release in the US.
They totally ignored it.
Big deal.
But I said, that's interesting.
I like that.
But what else?
And it was shortly
after I got the tape
that Pravda RU, which is
it's a Russian propaganda,
I guess you could say.
But they do regular news.
They do lots of stuff.
I mean, most people would not
consider it the New York Times.
But it still is a conduit
and the Kremlin is involved.
Two articles in Pravda RU,
and basically the headline
I'm paraphrasing was,
UFO activist from America
wants Vladimir
Putin to disclose.
That's in Pravda RU.
You can find them.
They're up on my website.
And I said, bingo, all right?
And so I realize, he
does not have a problem
with that being in play.
And so I got that.
And then I came back to the
United States around January
and tried to do what I could do.
But there was not
much I could do.
I was kind of pinned down.
And when I came back,
which was like February,
the To The Stars Academy had
pretty much stepped back.
They announced this big
announcement October 11th.
And they got the New York Times
stories out, two huge stories.
And then that faded out.
And they had stepped back.
And I'm thinking--
when I say they--
let me see if I can get this
right, hang on just a second.
My head is-- I'm still
having a bad day.
Tom DeLonge had indicated
that something was coming.
That was in 2016.
That Wikileaks out
of the Podesta files
indicated something
was going on,
but there was no
announcement, right?
And so I come back and then
on October 11th of last year
is when they made the
announcement, the To The Stars
Academy, which by the way, is
the most important thing that's
happened in the
disclosure thing ever.
Others disagree.
My workshop today at 6:00 is all
about the To The Stars Academy.
We're going to look at it
from a political perspective.
I'm going to get
into a lot of stuff
that most people haven't seen.
And you can judge for yourself.
However, that is 6 o'clock.
It's the last one of the day.
Most of you are going to
be pretty much exhausted.
So if you need--
>> No, we'll get
energy by going to it.
We'll get all excited.
>> I'm glad you said that.
So if any of you need to
buy like some 5-hour energy,
right, to come, I will
reimburse you for that.
All right.
But the point I'm
trying to make is this--
>> We don't have much
time just kind of--
>> Very quickly, why did
they announce in October?
I thought they were going to
wait until the political thing
resolved.
Right?
I have a hunch that it might
be because that whole Putin
thing sort of got out
there and their problem was
we'd rather do it later.
But what if Vladimir Putin
were to step in and announce?
We're flatfooted.
The whole point of the To The
Stars Academy announcement
was to get out ahead
of Hillary Clinton who
was going to disclose
once she became president.
She didn't.
OK, fine.
We're sitting around.
But she's not the
only president.
What if Putin discloses?
Where are we then?
Right?
Where is the White
House and where
is the military
intelligence complex
if Vladimir Putin just made
the final announcement there's
an ET presence?
They are screwed.
I mean, they're sitting
there going, hey.
And I think that may
have had an effect.
So this gives you just a sense
of the dynamic that's going on.
And I will be talking
about that more at 6:00.
>> Thank you.
And we really got to
finish any second.
[APPLAUSE]
So if everyone could have
one sentence from the end,
from Steve Mera, one sentence
down to all the speakers.
>> One sentence?
>> Sorry, what was the question.
>> No, it's just one
sentence each in closing.
>> Oh, one sentence.
Well, we know--
OK, sorry.
>> We don't have much time.
>> One sentence.
OK, well, it's very
difficult that one.
>> Well, two then if you want.
>> OK.
>> Two?
>> Just two.
>> Studies show that this
phenomenon is an age-old
phenomena.
It isn't something new.
It's not something that's
just derived from the flying
saucer era days.
This is an ancient,
age-old phenomena
that predates even the history
that we rely on to find out
about things of the past.
We know that they've
always been here.
They continue to carry
out whatever that they do.
We see the mutilation of animals
still taking place, even today
without proper
explanation, UFO sightings
tied into paranormal
disturbances,
also disappearances as well.
I estimated, and we're
being conservative here,
4.3 million people
on planet Earth.
And I don't mean just--
I mean, strangely disappearing.
And I just want to
finish off by saying
there was one incident
a couple of weeks
ago where I was surprised that
a woman that was found deceased
and in a tree of all places.
>> Where?
In England?
>> This was [INAUDIBLE].
And it got two
lines in the middle
of a tiny little
paragraph in the paper
and buried away in the
middle, when things like this
should really be looked
in more seriously.
But what's very
interesting is the fact
that there is a number of
sightings in that location two
days prior to the incident.
>> Thank you.
Emery, let's just keep
it short because we're
supposed to go now.
>> I don't know.
Well, all I can say is thank you
all for coming and supporting
us and being on this
conscious level.
And go home with
all the information
from all these speakers
and spread the word.
And let's all be a little
bit more compassionate
to each other and have
patience with the ETs
and the governments.
And, you know, it is
going to happen soon.
And it's actually
happening right now.
And when you go outside
down that sidewalk,
look up once in a while.
[APPLAUSE]
>> OK, I encourage you to decide
for yourself what the truth is.
But please do the study.
Because I will
always say, I wish
this would be studied
like an academic subject
in a university.
And the grad school
for me as a researcher
is the study of
human consciousness.
God bless him, Robert Dean
used to say, god bless him,
"It's not about
them it's about us."
[APPLAUSE]
>> I will say in closing both
on the UFO disclosure front
and on the consciousness of just
the key to how reality works,
I think there's going to
be major developments.
And basically,
people on the street
are going to suddenly say, you
know those crazy people that
go to consciousness life expo?
God damn, they were
right all along.
[APPLAUSE]
>> And there is more and
more coming from physics,
papers about the possibility
changing now to maybe
a theoretical reality, that we
are in a holographic universe.
And if we are in a
holographic universe,
it has to be being projected
by another dimension.
It can't be being
projected from within
the holographic universe.
So if it's being projected
from another dimension
and you start thinking
about everything that we
are challenged with on Earth
and throughout this universe,
something huge is
watching everything.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Hear me now or pay me later.
Thursday nights, all
right, "Project Blue Book"
is in the process of making J.
Allen Heinich a household name.
And the boys on Oak
Island are actually
starting to find something.
Check it out.
[APPLAUSE]
>> A parachute only
works when it's open.
So keep your mind open and
weigh in on all the options.
Even the stuff you don't want
to hear or don't agree with,
weigh that in with what
you do want to hear.
And somewhere in the middle,
you'll find the truth.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you, everyone.
[MUSIC PLAYING]